# Geo-tagged-tweet-collection-and-visualization
Within my research for the tweet collection, I wanted to compare and contrast three locations. The first being UW, then Capital hill and Gas work Park. To keep the research fair throughout, I used a radius of 15.8 meters. The research uses Python programming software to collect Tweets within the area. Later I would convert the tweets into a CSV file to compile all the data. Afterward, I would upload the tweets into a collage to display the Tweets. I choose to make the comparison because of connectivity. 
First, I wanted to see how the three locations selected connect to one another, as they are popular areas within Seattle. At first glance, we can see that each respective location had its own theme. For instance, at Gasworks, when one visits, one can get a vibe that the place is rebellious and accessible through live shows from street artists and graffiti. As seen on its word cloud, words that stood out were "STOP," "JOE," and "POTUS." Those words are likely it regards the president and politics, which is a topic that could be deemed as controversial.  Capital Hill represents many things from its beginning through now. But similarly to Gasworks, it could also convey a sense of freedom. Again, the words that stood out were "Hill," "Out," and "Block." Those words fall under the premise of rebellion. For instance, the Block was a huge deal for Cap Hill as its whole idea was to go up against higher power, in this case, the police department. 
Overall, UW wraps up both locations nicely, as UW could also be described as free and rebellious. We know that UW's slogan is to be boundless and to explore creativity. The best possible reason for these patterns is Seattle's overall location. In addition, Seattle is home to many cultures and ideals. However, all of those fall under a sense of creativity and thinking out of the box. 
To improve my research, I would explore other popular locations outside Seattle. Or even out of the state to see if there is a sense of connectivity among other areas. Before exploring the research, the chosen locations were different as they established separate areas. So I could be stretching the idea so that it could fit. Nevertheless, the notion of connectivity runs throughout Seattle. 
